# Enterprise-Architecture-for-Healthcare-Organizations

The rapid development of technology and the increased digitization of healthcare organizations have not only prompted the healthcare system more convenient and economical but have also led to more cybersecurity issues. The healthcare industry is one of the most vulnerable sectors in the world in terms of cyberattacks, resulting in the breakdown of medical devices and the compromise of patient health records. Although regulators have recognized the magnitude of the problem, research on the subject is still in its infancy. As Enterprise Architecture (EA) enables healthcare organizations to effectively integrate IT and healthcare resources, improve strategic alignment and reduce risk, this article focuses on how healthcare organizations can address cybersecurity issues from an EA perspective. First of all, it will introduce the importance of EA in healthcare organizations and the three layers based on the TOGAF framework, including Hospital Service Layer, Application and Data Layer and Technology Infrastructure Layer. Then, this article will explain the evolution of cybersecurity and the issues of cybersecurity in the healthcare industry. After that, four cases of cyberattacks and the resulting software and device failures that harmed organizations and patients are exhibited. The internal factors leading to these issues are mainly related to the lack of cyber-security awareness and interoperability, as well as network security issues. Finally, based on these challenges, recommendations for the healthcare organization architecture will be presented.
